README.md, before:

# LakeEnsemblR_WQ
R Package to facilitate running ensembles of water quality models


# How do I contribute new code back to the LakeEnsemblR_WQ project?
In order to contribute to this code, we recommend the following workflow:

- "fork" this repository to your own personal github account

- clone the github repository to your computer:

- $git clone <git@github.com:{username}/LakeEnsemblR_WQ.git>

- modify code or add new functionality, save the code

add the repository master to a remote master called "upstream"

- $cd LakeEnsemblR_WQ

- $git remote add upstream <git@github.com:aemon-j/LakeEnsemblR_WQ.git>

before pushing your changes to your repository, pull in the current version of the aemon-j master:

- $git fetch upstream

- merge these differences with your own "master" version:

- $git merge upstream/master

push your changes to your github repository, in addition to changes made by pulling in the aemon-j master:

- $git push

submit a pull request to aemon-j master using your account at github.com

Commit message:

Update README.md to use "main" instead of "master" branch

README.md, after:

# LakeEnsemblR_WQ
R Package to facilitate running ensembles of water quality models


# How do I contribute new code back to the LakeEnsemblR_WQ project?
In order to contribute to this code, we recommend the following workflow:

- "fork" this repository to your own personal github account

- clone the github repository to your computer:

- $git clone <git@github.com:{username}/LakeEnsemblR_WQ.git>

- modify code or add new functionality, save the code

add the repository main to a remote main called "upstream"

- $cd LakeEnsemblR_WQ

- $git remote add upstream <git@github.com:aemon-j/LakeEnsemblR_WQ.git>

before pushing your changes to your repository, pull in the current version of the aemon-j main:

- $git fetch upstream

- merge these differences with your own "main" version:

- $git merge upstream/main

push your changes to your github repository, in addition to changes made by pulling in the aemon-j main:

- $git push

submit a pull request to aemon-j main using your account at github.com
